Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(intense music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(static buzzing)
(footsteps pattering)
(intense music)
(birds squawking)
(bag crinkling)
(birds chirping)
- (gasping) He's dead.
- No one's gonna believe us.
They're gonna think we did this.
They're gonna think it was us.
(ominous music)
- We have to break the
cycle to break the curse.
That's why ours
phones don't work.
We're trapped. We're
cut off from reality.
We're in a time loop
until we lift the curse.
- What if the spell.
what if it doesn't work?
- It will. Come on.
(man breathes heavily)
(clattering)
- What's that?
(ominous music)
(sticks pattering)
(man breathes heavily)
(ominous music)
Guys. I think he's coming.
(intense music)
(flesh squelching)
(mummy growling)
(blood spurting)
(birds chirping)
(suspenseful music)
(knife thumps)
(mummy growling)
(intense music)
(gun clacking)
(mummy snarling)
(trigger clicking)
(gun clacking)
(mummy snarling)
- Liv!
(gun fires)
(body thudding)
- Now give him the sample.
Quick. get the heart.
- Okay. get the heart.
(ominous music)
(man panting)
(blood dripping)
(mummy growling)
(intense music)
- Rhys!
No!
(mummy growling)
(Rhys gasping)
- Chance now...
(mummy snarling)
(heart squishing)
- "Mummy. rest now.
Rest in the light of darkness.
Mummy. rest now.
For you shall now be
awake for these sins.
Mummy. rest now.
For you shall not be
alive for this time.
Mummy. rest now.
(mummy snarling)
(mummy groaning)
(Rhys gasping)
(intense music)
You shall not be
awake at this time.
Mummy. rest now.
(Liv chuckling)
- We did it.
We did it.
(gun fires)
(Rhys gasps)
(suspenseful music)
- Looks like you
found our mummy.
(Liv gasps)
Men. we got 'em!
Let's go!
(Liv shrieking)
(intense music)
- Creepy as fuck.
- Uh-huh.
Mask up. Serious.
(ominous music)
- You know.
considering the smell.
it doesn't smell that bad.
You know. being
dead for so long.
Considering what they
said about the stench
if you breathe that stuff in.
- Kind of creepy.
- You're not scared of a
dead corpse. now are you?
- Well you know the legends.
- The legends?
The urban legends?
You tosser.
- Well. I've always been
wanting to be a bit of a...
I don't know.
A bit of a believer
in the supernatural.
- Come on. ain't
nothing be scared about.
Dead corpse wrapped
up in cloth. mate. Q
(door opens)
(door closes)
(ominous music)
- Earth to Holly.
- I'm sorry.
- What's going on?
- It's nothing.
- Holly. Come on.
- It's just my brother
hasn't been replying
to my texts or calls.
And he left me this really
strange voice message yesterday.
And I just. I'm
worried about him.
You know?
- Well. what kind
of voice message?
- Well. he has bipolar.
so we have to be really
careful around him. you know?
And he was just having a moment
and in the message he said
that he felt really alone.
I'm. yeah.
- I'm sure it's nothing.
Just give him time.
(ominous music)
- Yeah.
I just worry about
his mental state
since dad left and now
his girlfriend's left him.
I just. I don't want him to
think he's alone. you know?
- Well. I'm sure he'll
call you back tonight.
Stop being such a worrywart.
- Yeah.
Yeah. you're right.
You're totally right.
I'm just being silly.
- I am always right. Missy.
- (chuckling) Yeah.
- Hey. we left that
thing in your class
if you wanna go and check it out
We're gonna head off in 10.
so any issues. give us a shout.
- Okay. lovely. Thank you.
- Just to let you know. love.
that body's been in
that crate for years.
Thousands.
We don't know what's in it.
Stale air.
So when you go around it.
just make sure that
you wear a mask.
- Of course. no problem.
I understand.
- Yeah. there was an incident
when I found that thing.
Someone died.
They don't know
exactly what happened.
Some say it was mold from
an allergic reaction.
Obviously. it was gas.
You know. it could burn
your eyes. your nose.
Kill you. basically.
- We're not trying
to scare you off or nothing.
Just make sure whoever
goes near that thing
is wearing a mask.
- Right. yeah.
- See ya.
- Thank you.
Bye.
- What was that. Miss Dawson?
- Do you want to come and
take a look? Come with me.
(ominous music)
Stay there.
Do you like it?
We spent most of the
university budget on it.
- Wow. This is fascinating.
Miss Dawson. the
students will love this.
(ominous music)
- That's enough for today.
You can examine it
properly tomorrow.
- [Man] I just really
need someone to talk to.
I never felt so
alone in so long.
I feel like I'm
messing everything up.
I try so hard.
But whatever I do
seems to go wrong.
Sometimes I just don't know
if this is for me. you know?
I just don't know.
- You can't keep
listening to that.
- Goodbye. Curley.
- Look.
if you wanna. I don't
know. go by his place.
I can come with you.
- I just. I don't
want to suffocate him.
He clearly wants the space
and I just need
to give it to him.
- Whatever you think is best.
I will be there and
I will support you.
- World's number one flatmate.
- You know it.
(ominous music)
(phone vibrating)
- Hello?
(ominous music)
(Holly sobbing)
(intense music)
It's over.
(sobbing)
- No. no. that's fine.
She's here with me now.
No. but you know these things.
they take time.
Yeah.
All right. Yeah.
I'll let her know.
Thank you. You too.
Bye.
Hey. so your mom said not
to go over there right now.
Just 'cause your dad's
all over the place.
They don't want you to
see him in this state.
She said just. you know.
give it a day or so.
then we can see.
- Did she say how he did it?
- Holly. I think you just.
you really need to focus
on yourself right now.
- I want to know.
- Why?
- He's my brother.
I want to know.
- I just. I don't think
now is the time. you know?
- I've gotta go.
- Where?
- Class.
- What?
No. no. no. You can't
go anywhere today.
I called in sick. You
have to stay here.
- I can't sit here
with these thoughts.
You know me. I need
something to focus on.
and we have finals coming up
and this isn't the
time to be slacking off
and we really need to do well.
- Okay. I get that you
want to get busy. I do.
But you don't need
to do this. okay?
You can stay here with me.
- What I need is for things
to feel normal right now.
Okay?
- Okay. class.
Today. I have a very
special treat for you.
In our last lesson. we
went over the history
of mummification and mummies.
Today. you're going
to be able to see
and examine one in real life.
However. you must wear the
masks that are on your desk
at all times when going
anywhere near the mummy.
I cannot stress how
important this is.
It's for your health and safety.
Remember what I taught you
when they opened
the Pharaoh's tomb.
an archeologist died.
And this was caused by
different kinds of mold
which may cause
allergic reactions
or a concoction of
different substances
which are toxic and could
potentially kill you.
So please be careful and
follow my instructions
when going near the mummy
and wear your masks.
Remember. the mummy
is very. very old
and we have to preserve it as
well as yourselves. of course.
Now I for one never
thought or even dreamed.
we'd be able to have
firsthand experience
at examining a mummy.
Well. not within the
walls of the university.
But finals are coming up
and you need to write about
(marker scraping)
the Egyptian ways of living.
Now that includes the time.
and the period.
and methods.
And of course.
mummification.
Now. who can tell
me what a mummy is?
Anyone?
No?
A mummy is someone whose body
has been preserved after death.
When I said. mummy. how
many of you pictured
a human form wrapped
in layers of bandages.
arising from a tomb
in a zombified manner?
(chuckles)
Mummies are real and have
a fascinating history.
And contrary to popular belief.
they don't rise from the dead.
Mummification has been
found all over the world
and used by various
different civilizations
such as Incan. African. Aztec.
Aboriginal and ancient
European and many more.
It's been used for
thousands of years
to honor and preserve the dead.
Now these rituals ranged from
one civilization to the next.
Some cultures chose to
mummify all of its citizens.
whereas others chose to
mummify only the very wealthy
or people of status.
(ominous music)
The easiest way
to create a mummy
was to expose the body to
sun or fire or freezing cold.
And that's because most
bacteria cannot live
or survive in
extreme temperatures.
Now. for a Egyptian mummies.
Now the most important
part of a body
to be mummified back then
was to preserve as much
skin tissue as possible.
And the mummification
experts were the priests.
As you all know. Egypt
is a fairly hot country.
So it was pretty easy to
mummify and dry out a corpse.
However. there was a
very specific process
that you had to follow
to ensure that the dead
will be granted passage
to the afterlife.
Yes.
- What time period
was this mummy from?
- This is an authentic
Egyptian mummy.
unearthed from an
Egyptian temple.
The ancient Egyptian Kings.
This is said to be one of them.
And what makes this so special
is that we are the
first university
to be granted access
to this mummy.
- You're saying we get
to unearth the findings
behind this mummy?
- Yes.
And if your findings are
proven to be substantial.
they will be
published in writing.
This could be a career changing
opportunity for you all.
If we can uncover more
about this ancient king.
well this could set you all
up as archeology students
going straight
into research jobs.
Right. so gloves on and
come and take a look.
(ominous music)
- Do you mind if I
(mystical music)
take a look at this?
- Of course.
(mystical music)
(intense music)
- Yo. yo. yo!
- Kira.
- Sorry. Didn't mean
to make you jump.
- So check this out.
This king. he wasn't just
an ancient Egyptian king.
He was part of a pack of kings
that ruled between approximately
450 and 250 BC.
- Holy shit. Are you serious?
- Yeah. I can't find anything
online to suggest otherwise.
And these words. like
there's something...
I don't know.
- You should tell Miss Dawson.
- Mm.
Kira. don't look
at me like that.
- Mark told me.
- I just don't wanna talk
about it right now. okay?
- You shouldn't hide
stuff like this from me.
I'm your best friend.
(somber music)
You don't need to
hide this from me.
I need. I want to help.
And the way I help is I need
to know what's going on.
- Sorry.
I just. my head's not
been in the right place.
And I just...
(ominous music)
I don't know how to deal with
this right now. you know?
And I just find it
easier if we just...
- Don't dig a big hole that
you can't get out of. Holly.
- I'm sorry. I'm like this.
- Don't be sorry.
(both chuckle)
Now. go and tell Miss
Dawson what you found
- Okay.
- God. I wonder what that
would have been like?
To be mummified while
you're still alive?
- Yeah. but that didn't
happen here. right?
- No. there wasn't even torture.
(ominous music)
- Some bodies were
mummified accidentally.
Like the mummies of Guanajuato
discovered in Mexico.
where over 100
mummies were found
in above-ground crypts.
It would appear that
due to the extreme heat
and the mixture of sulfur
and different minerals
that caused the bodies
to mummify naturally.
but accidentally.
Some found that Buddhist monks
practice self-mummification.
To achieve this. they
would starve themselves
and then only eat certain foods
that would boost
the decay process.
trying to get rid
of their body fat.
They would then drink
the poisonous sap
to make them vomit to
get rid of bodily fluids.
And the poisonous sap made
the body unsavory to bugs.
who had a pension for
feasting on corpses
The final stage of the process.
they would be buried alive
and wait to die
and be mummified.
They usually died
pretty quickly.
And on occasion. a
self-mummification worked.
- Hey. I think I
found something.
- I can't quite believe it.
The discovery of
the hidden kings.
- A king erased by history.
- So you don't think this
is a discovery as such?
- The story is why were
these kings hidden?
What were they doing that
made people want them
hidden in history?
- Absolutely fascinating.
(necklace jangles)
Uh. Tracy.
(mystical music)
Be careful with that.
- It's beautiful. huh?
- Just don't drop it.
(ominous music)
Let me just check this out.
(keyboard clattering)
- "The kingdom rose.
the darkness be chose.
The men that be.
the men that see
allow them to rise.
Let the dark
foreshadow the light.
(ominous music)
Allow him to rise."
These words. they
don't make sense.
The kingdom rose. the
darkness be chose.
Miss Dawson. do you
think this could be
some kind of. I
dunno. like prayer?
- Let me see.
(ominous music)
A prayer. no.
A summoning.
A spell.
(ominous music)
Dark magic.
Let me show this to
Professor Matthews.
Wait here.
(ominous music)
(knocking)
Grace.
- Hi. Martha. How are you doing?
- Good. Thank you.
Sorry to come in.
Look. I think I found something.
- The students
enjoying their mummy?
- We think that we
found something.
We think that the
mummy we had delivered.
we think it was a hidden king.
A period of time in ancient
history. it was deleted.
People didn't know
what happened.
It was like a chapter of
ancient Egyptian history
was just erased.
But we think we know who
walked in those times.
- I thought this
was just going to be
a good photo opportunity.
- We think that
those who walked then
were the Lost Kings.
They were said to
be that of a myth.
But now I think that
what we have here
is in fact a lost king.
(ominous music)
Look.
Do you see what I do?
- We shouldn't get too excited.
Have your team
keep working on it.
But keep it on the low down.
This could be
brilliant breakthrough.
- Huh.
- A real. true discovery.
- I know. We could be famous.
- No. but seriously
This is incredible.
People spend their whole lives
trying to uncover history.
and here we are.
we might have just done it.
- Well. we sure as well will
be remembered if this is legit.
- Yeah. Do you want anything?
- No. I'm fine. Thanks.
- Back in a bit.
- Okay. fine.
(ominous music)
(door closes)
(suspenseful music)
(bones cracking)
(mummy snarling)
(Tracy gasping)
(Tracy choking)
(neck snapping)
(mummy growling)
(body thudding)
(mummy snarling)
(ominous music)
(necklace jangling)
- How is she doing really?
- Well. she's not saying much.
I think she blames
herself deep down.
- It's not her fault.
What happened with her brother.
I mean. you can't predict what
people are thinking inside.
- He called her and asked her
to come over to his place.
She feels like she failed him.
- Yeah. but she didn't
know that was gonna be
his last ever phone call.
- Look. we just gotta
be there for her
if and when she
might need us. okay?
- Yeah.
(ominous music)
(bones cracking)
(mummy snarling)
(ominous music)
(intense music)
Where is it?
- I have no idea.
- You don't think it...
- No.
- No?
- No. someone moved it.
- Oh. my God!
Oh. my God!
(ominous music)
We need to go.
Come on. we need
to go now. Come on!
(ominous music)
(bones cracking)
(crows cawing)
(suspenseful music)
- Is someone there?
If someone's messing
about. come out now.
Oh.
Right. whoever moved this thing.
come out now. please.
(suspenseful music)
(bones cracking)
I said. whoever moved
this thing. come out now.
(suspenseful music)
If you don't tell me.
I'll find out myself.
(door bangs)
(suspenseful music)
(mummy snarling)
(intense music)
Oh my God!
(mummy growling)
- It's already in accounts-
- Miss!
- Come quickly!
- What is it?
- Come quickly. come!
Come. quickly!
- I'm coming.
(ominous music)
- Mom?
(sighs) Great.
Signal.
- (sighs) What do you
mean the mummy has gone?
- We think someone took it.
Stole it. Shit. I don't know.
- We're just really
scared that Tracy's dead.
(ominous music)
(Miss Dawson sighs)
- What's going on?
- Something happened to Tracy.
(ominous music)
- Okay. it was just...
- Girls. what is going on here?
- I don't...
She was right there.
I'm confused.
- You said that Tracy
was on the ground.
Are you sure it wasn't a joke?
- No. Miss. she was there.
She wasn't moving.
- Yeah. we checked
her breathing.
- You have to believe us.
- What exactly happened?
- She was laying on the ground
and we checked her. but nothing.
She was totally gone.
- Well. if what
you're saying is true.
then we need to seal off this
room and call the police.
- No. someone's in the school.
We've got to get out.
- Or maybe it's
what you said. Miss.
Like what if that was a
chemical release by the mummy?
Was she wearing
her mask around it?
- She was.
- The mummy.
All I can think is
that someone broke in
and stole the mummy.
And Tracy tried to fend
them off and got attacked.
And what the girls
saw. she wasn't dead.
She was knocked out.
- But if that happened. why
hasn't Tracy shown up by now?
- Tracy would have called the
police or something. surely.
(mystical music)
- What do you wanna do tonight?
- Mm. not sure.
Open-minded.
And we have to be
there for Holly.
Maybe we could do
something for her.
Something nice.
We could go get some
food or something.
- Yeah. I think I'm just
gonna go and see Brian.
- (sighs) Please
give up on that guy.
He's a total douche.
- Hot douche.
- But still a douche.
Like why do you need him. Lyne?
- Okay. I'm sorry.
But you know me and I have
to be honest with you.
- Go on.
- Well. if he was into
you. you would know by now
- What do you mean?
- Well. he's had
his shot with you
and he's pushed and
pushed you away.
He just doesn't see
what you has with you.
- What so you think I
should just sack off then?
- I would say so.
(toilet flushing)
(ominous music)
(water flowing)
Trace. I don't think there's
any soap in that sink.
(suspenseful music)
Tracy?
Tracy. what happened to you?
(woman gasping)
(intense music)
Someone help me. please!
Please. please!
Please. please. help me!
(intense music)
(sobbing) Stop it. Tracy!
Stop!
(gasping) Miss Mathews!
Miss Mathews. please.
what the hell is going...
(ominous music)
(Miss Mathews snarling)
No! (sobbing)
No!
(suspenseful music)
Please! (sobbing)
Stop it. please!
Someone help me!
Please!
(sobbing)
(bones cracking)
(mummy snarling)
(woman screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(mummy snarling)
(bones cracking)
(woman screaming)
(mummy snarling)
(sobbing) No. please!
Please!
(woman screaming)
(mummy growling)
(skin slicing)
(blood spurting)
(woman gasping)
(blood trickling)
(intense music)
(mummy growling)
(suspenseful music)
(phone beeps)
(mummy snarling)
(intense music)
(Tracy growling)
(Lyne gasping)
(Lyne sighs)
(suspenseful music)
(Lyne breathes heavily)
(door opens)
(Tracy snarling)
(Lyne whimpering)
(suspenseful music)
(Tracy snarling)
(Lyne grunting)
(Tracy growling)
(Lyne choking)
(object thuds)
(intense music)
(bat whacking)
(Lyne panting)
- What the fuck just happened?
(ominous music)
- Hello?
(static buzzing)
Hello? This is an emergency.
Can any member of staff read me?
(static buzzing)
Hello?
We need assistance urgently.
(static buzzing)
There's nothing.
There's no signal.
- Everyone. check your phones.
- Nothing.
- No. me neither.
- So weird. We
usually have signal.
- Right. who has a car?
- Mine's out back.
- Okay. Mark. take your car.
go to the nearest
house. call the police.
I'm going to stay here
and look for Tracy.
- I don't wanna stay here.
- Come with me?
- Okay.
Holly. come.
- Oh. I can't leave Tracy.
You go.
- We'll be back soon.
We'll be back.
(suspenseful music)
- What. what the hell?
- We just-
- We just went
through the front door and-
- Yeah.
- Why are we in reception again?
- I have no idea.
- The phone!
(dial tone beeping)
(sighs)
- Please. don't tell me.
- How can all the phones
in the school be down?
I was taking a call
not an hour ago.
They were fine.
- It's just dawned on me.
But where is everyone else?
- What do you mean?
- All the other students.
Where are they?
(keyboard clattering)
- Holly. what are you doing?
It's not really the
time for studying.
- (scoffs) I don't think
someone just broke in
and stole the mummy.
- What are you saying?
- This isn't adding up.
Just give me a sec.
(ominous music)
What the...
- What is it?
- These research assistants.
They awoke the mummy.
- Let me see.
- "September 4th.
2014. Reese Warrington.
Liv Taylor and
Thomas Cook vanished
after four of their
friends were discovered
in the woodlands
of East England.
The relatives of
the suspect said
they were excited
about their findings.
They believe they'd found a
mummy from a century in history
which is lost with no records.
Over 24 hours. the bodies
of the four friends
were found nearby a site
which looked to be for
a sacrificial ritual.
The suspects and the
mummy were never found."
(keyboard clattering)
- And what does this
have to do with us?
- (sighs) I can
feel it in my bones.
Something isn't right here.
- Are you sure it's that
and not what's going on?
- What do you mean?
- I mean. things
are tough right now.
You might wanna go
home. get some rest.
- Kira. I'm fine.
(ominous music)
- I just. I push the door and I.
I should go straight
out to my car. right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I just push the door
and I go straight to my car.
- Yeah. you should.
(ominous music)
You should walk
out the front door
and go straight to your car.
- Right?
- Right.
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps tapping)
- Oh. What the fuck?
- Hey. guys! Welcome
back to my channel!
Where you learn something
new with me every Monday.
Ghost Hunter George.
Today we're gonna be going
all the way to Egypt.
I have a feeling you guys know
where I'm going with this.
We are gonna be
talking about mummies.
So without further
ado. let's get to it.
- Where did the girls go?
- (sighs) God. not the time
to be splitting up. ladies.
(ominous music)
- Grace?
Grace?
Miss Mathews?
What on earth is going on here?
(ominous music)
Miss Mathews!
(intense music)
(Grace snarling)
(mummy snarling)
Oh. God.
(mummy growling)
(flesh squelching)
(screaming)
(body thuds)
(Martha screaming)
(mummy snarling)
- Okay. so one of the
most famous mummy's
is Tutankhamun. also
known as King Tut.
And according to legend. if
you disturb a mummy's tomb.
it leads to death.
That did not stop
Carter from continuing
to explore Tut's burial ground.
However. the media
went into a frenzy
when they heard
that several members
of this expedition died
early of a unnatural causes.
However. this curse spared
Carter's life back in 1922.
It is said that
mummies can't feel pain
and they're usually
hard to kill.
Now. some people might
find this hard to believe
but mummies. they are
not just found in Egypt.
They are found all
over the world.
In places like South
America and Europe.
And some mummies are
intentionally preserved
and sometimes they're
naturally preserved.
And they can be found
in places like caves.
deserts and all over the place.
The most common misconception
is that people think
that only the pharaohs
were mummified
which is not the case at all.
In fact. in ancient
Egypt. all the deceased
were mummified by
their relatives.
The difference was
only the pharaohs
were put into sarcophaguses
in elaborate tombs.
filled with things they
would need in the afterlife
such as food. wine.
perfume. to name a few.
Some of them were even buried
with their pets and servants.
However. for the poor.
according to Egyptologist.
Salima Ikram.
their bodies were
filled with juniper oil
which would help dissolve
the organs before burial.
The way that ancient
Egyptians treated a dead body
was called mummification.
- Holly. I feel like I'm
watching a history lesson
- and leave a dried form.
- Bitch. watch.
- It was so important for them
to keep the bodies as
lifelike as possible.
You know guys. this is so crazy.
I mean. you could
see a mummy today.
you know. and get a good idea
of what they would look like.
They were buried
like 3000 years ago.
I mean. that's totally crazy!
(Martha panting)
(ominous music)
- (sighs) Thank God
it's not just us.
- We thought we
were going crazy.
- What the hell is going on?
- I don't know what
I'm watching this for.
- The lost kings.
(ominous music)
- It is said that the lost
kings are the most feared.
They are said to be
erased from history
because they dabbled
in the dark arts.
human sacrifice and evil deeds.
They were also hidden
due to the myth
that if you were to come
across their bodies.
they might live again.
They practiced the black magic.
Their goal was to live forever.
continue their reign.
taking over the world.
It is said though. that
all of the lost kings
were all taken down and
killed in one final battle.
They were all wrapped
up. put in their tombs
and left to die.
But see. here's the thing.
The tombs. they have
never been found.
The lost king's tombs.
no one's ever found them.
They've never been found.
- This book.
it mentions the lost kings.
I think that's what we have.
- This is a myth. Holly.
- A myth because it's
never been found.
- They may be responsible
for all of terrible plague
(loud banging)
that happened there.
(suspenseful music)
- Don't freak out.
I'm sure it's nothing. There's
no mummy lurking out there.
I'll go check. okay?
(suspenseful music)
Holly. there's nothing here.
(Kira screaming)
- Kira?
(pounding on door)
(mummy growling)
(suspenseful music)
(pounding on door)
(mummy growling)
(door opens)
(mummy snarling)
(neck cracks)
(suspenseful music)
(door opens)
- Wait.
Come on.
- No. we already tried that.
- It doesn't work.
- What is happening?
- Okay. I don't know. it's
like whenever we exit.
we go back to the beginning.
It's like a a loop or something.
- The text. it was right.
- What do you mean?
- It's an ancient cast.
We're stuck in some alter
universe of the same reality.
Unable to escape.
It's two in the
morning but outside.
it's like time hasn't moved.
- Yeah. it's like
time's standing still.
- Yeah. we're trapped
in a period of time.
unable to escape it.
- We've gotta find the others.
- Yes.
(intense music)
(mummy snarling)
(Martha gasping)
- No. no!
(flesh squelching)
(mummy growling)
(Martha gasping)
(intense music)
(mummy snarling)
- If what the book says is true.
we awoke the money
with that chant.
- What chant?
I don't recall being
a part of any chant.
- I think it was anyone in
the school or in the grounds
when it was said.
- I don't recall this.
- I said it.
"The kingdom rose.
the darkness be chose.
The men that see.
the men that be.
allow them to rise.
Let the dark
foreshadow the light.
Allow him to rise."
- Tracy.
Upstairs.
She was fucked.
- What happened?
- Me and Mora.
We were in the toilets.
And then Tracy came in.
She just attacked
her for no reason.
She just went batshit crazy.
Then she dragged her out.
And then...
Oh. God.
- What happened?
Where is Mora?
- Tracy and Miss Mathews.
they. they held her down
and then he. the mummy. he.
he cut her throat.
He drained her blood
like it was some ritual.
And Tracy and Miss Matthews.
it's like it wasn't them.
Something about their eyes.
Like there was no life in them.
Like they've been taken over
by some sort of dark force.
Kind of zombie-like.
if that makes any sense.
- That is the craziest shit
I've ever heard. but okay.
- Look. I don't know what
the hell is going on here.
but you should've
seen their faces.
You should have seen Mora's
eyes. they were soulless.
It wasn't her.
It wasn't Mora. Do
you know what I mean?
Whatever was inside
of her. it wasn't her.
(ominous music) I don't
want that to happen to me.
I don't. I don't
want that to be me.
- It won't be you. okay?
We won't let it.
- It was so messed up.
She was so crazy.
I'm really scared.
- I've got it.
He collects the souls
within the amulet
and replaces them with the
dark energy from the kings.
- And why do they
want to do this?
- To fulfill the prophecy.
What they started
all those years ago.
- Well there has to be
some way to stop it.
- Going by this. he has 24
hours to collect the souls
of everyone in the presence
of his resurrection.
And if he can store the
souls within the amulet.
then he can make
the final sacrifice.
And that's how he'll
roam the earth forever.
- So we just wait until sunrise?
But it's already daylight.
- It's sunrise within an hour.
If my phone's right.
- We're stuck in time.
We're stuck in the moment
when the chant was said.
- It's like we awoken him.
And a curse has
started and we're stuck
in the same time
window as the curse.
So we can't leave.
We can't escape.
Not until this is all over.
- We just have to wait it out.
- But what happens if
he manages to do it?
- Uh. we can't let him win.
(intense music)
(Martha whimpering)
- Why are they acting like this?
Hey. why are their eyes black?
Why are they acting
like zombies?
- (whimpering)
Part of the curse.
An infection.
I don't know.
- Could it be like
what you said?
Like maybe a mummification
contamination?
- No.
We wore masks around it.
I don't believe
it's the same thing.
- Then why are people
acting like that?
- You have to find Holly.
She had the book.
I think the answers
are inside that book.
How to stop this.
(ominous music)
- Do you really think
it can be stopped?
- You have to translate
what's inside that book.
- Okay.
- And I believe
it can be stopped.
There has to be a way.
Ancient curses.
If this is a curse.
there will be a way to stop it.
(ominous music)
We have to figure a way out.
- What if he's killed everybody?
(door thumping)
- Hide.
- No. I'm not leaving you.
- Do as I say!
Hide!
(suspenseful music)
(mummy growling)
(Martha gasps)
(Martha choking)
No. no!
(mummy snarling)
(Martha choking)
(Martha gasping)
(mummy growling)
(intense music)
- [Holly] We need
to find the others.
- If they had any sense.
they should be hiding.
Like we should be.
Yeah. or else
they've been turned.
Do you think they can turn back?
- What do you mean?
- Once they've been turned.
do you think they can
be reverted back to
the way they were?
- Well. once he has their
souls. the book read
as if they were gone.
But once he's been turned back.
their souls will be
free to the afterlife.
(ominous music)
- Wait. what's the plan?
- I need to know if what
that book says is true.
If I walk out of this building
and I come back inside.
then we know we can
trust what it says.
- Well. if that's the case.
then I'm not going in.
- I'll go.
(growling)
Girls. wait a minute.
(suspenseful music)
(growling)
Jessie?
(intense music)
Jessie.
(Jessie snarling)
No.
(intense music)
- What the fuck was that?
- I don't know. What's
happened to Jessie?
- I don't know.
- Oh. my God.
Holly. We can't just
leave her there.
- No. it's too dangerous.
- Look. you stay here.
It's going to be fine.
- No. Kira.
- Look. please.
(suspenseful music)
(intense music)
(mummy snarling)
(Kira screaming)
(bat whooshes and whacks)
(Kira gasping)
(flesh squelching)
(intense music)
(bones cracking)
(feet stomping)
(mummy snarling)
(Lyne whimpering)
(suspenseful music)
(snarling)
(door knob clattering)
- Damn!
(gasping)
(Lyne panting)
- Are you here for detention?
(Lyne gasping)
(snarling)
(ominous music)
(mummy growling)
(Lyne choking)
(bones cracking)
(suspenseful music)
(clock ticking)
(door creaking)
(intense music)
(mummy growling)
(door creaking)
(shrieking)
(Mark grunting)
- Holly?
Holly? Wake up.
(ominous music)
Holly. come on.
(grunting)
That's it. Come on.
Holly?
- Mark.
Holly. are your ropes loose?
We gotta get outta here.
(Holly whimpering)
- They're not. they're not.
I can't. I can't.
- What the hell are they doing?
(both grunting)
- It's the final sacrifice.
In order for the
mummy to fully rise.
he has to collect the
souls of everyone present
at his resurrection.
Then he can make
the final sacrifice
and then he can be reborn.
- What's the final sacrifice?
(ominous music)
- Consumption of a human heart.
and to be reborn in human flesh.
- Oh God.
He's gonna use us. isn't he?
- To be reborn.
(clock ticking)
(both grunting)
- I can't get it.
(clock ticking)
- It's two minutes till dawn.
We're stuck in the time
that the resurrection was done.
So if he can't make
the final sacrifice.
then he can't me reborn.
- So we either get
out of these ropes
in the next two minutes or...
- Or he's reborn.
(intense music)
(Mark grunting)
(mummy growling)
(bones cracking)
- Oh my God.
(Holly sobbing)
(mummy snarling)
Hey. get the hell
away from here. huh?
(mummy growling)
(Holly mumbling)
I don't know.
No!
- No!
We have just over a minute!
- Hey. hey!
- No!
- Hey. look at me!
Look at me!
(intense music)
(both grunting)
(mummy growling)
Oh. Jesus!
- Oh. no!
(mummy snarling)
(Holly whimpering)
(Holly gasping)
- Hey. over here!
You ugly motherfucker
piece of shit!
Hey! Hey. buddy!
(Holly screaming)
No!
(mummy growling)
Hey. look at me. buddy!
Hey. I think you need
some more straps.
You're shit's looking real dry!
(Holly screaming)
No!
(intense music)
(clock ticking)
Look over here!
No!
(mummy snarling)
(knife thuds)
(intense music)
(mummy growling)
(bones cracking)
(Holly gasping)
(feet stomping)
(mummy growling)
(snarling)
Into this kind of thing. guys.
but you're ugly
as shit right now.
Oh my God!
(gasping)
(clock ticking)
(mummy snarling)
20 seconds. Holly!
(clock ticking)
(mummy growling)
Five. four. three.
two. one!
(mummy groaning)
(bones cracking)
(all gasping)
(Mark laughing)
Whoo! (breathes heavily)
(soft piano music)
(Holly whimpering)
- Who's your mummy now?
(chuckling)
- Oh. oh. God. (laughing)
Get these things off me.
Oh. thank you.
(both chuckling)
- He's vanquished.
- Oh. he's vanquished. is he?
(both laughing)
- Should we-
- Let's get the hell
out of here.
(both chuckling)
(bright music)
(birds chirping)
- No one's ever
gonna believe us.
- No.
(both laughing)
(phone vibrating)
- Mom?
Hi. I'm coming home.
We're coming right now.
- So what was it I said?
- I don't know.
apparently somebody said
that they think they saw a
mummy or something like that.
- Well a bunch of kids were
found brutally murdered.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
And some friends
apparently got some weapons
and started bumping off
each other and all that.
Some sort of a Battle
Royale or something.
- You don't think...
- What. that the mummy did it?
- Come on now.
- Wait. we're gonna go
in the room in a moment
and collect that thing.
Get it together. mate.
- I mean. I believe
in that sort of stuff.
- Mummy's walking around.
the undead rising.
zombies and all that?
No. I don't mate.
- They found the inconsistencies
with the victim's bodies.
- How so?
- Well. they think
someone involved escaped.
Who had something to with it.
- I'm telling you. mate.
It's that girl.
All right? And her friend.
All right?
She's the one who's doing
all this crazy shit.
I mean. seriously
there were saying
that she was part of a devil
worshiping cult or something.
- She seems so normal.
- So was my last bird.
- Yeah. but seriously. though.
she was just a student.
No. they couldn't have
done this to each other.
The way no one called the cops.
No one tried to escape.
And the police just said
that the doors were all open.
- I mean. are you
listening to me?
Kids are thick. all right?
- I don't think it was them.
- Then who?
- Come on.
The mummy.
I'm serious. I'm telling you.
I've heard stories
like this before.
- Where? From what?
"England's Most
Haunted Shit Stories?"
- No. but seriously. though.
If that thing did do it.
we're about to be touching him.
- Then we better not
wake him up then.
Come on.
(clock ticking)
(ominous music)
Look at that.
Huh.
Get me a photo of it.
- Really?
- Come on. mate.
How often do you get
that close to a mummy?
Come.
(ominous music)
(clock ticking)
- Say. cheese!
- Well mate. it's too blurred.
- No. look. Come on.
let's just get this done.
Get the mummy out of
here and let's go.
Please.
- Come on one more. please.
- No.
I just wanna go home.
Do you know what?
- Come on. mate.
- You can deal with this.
I'll meet you back in the van.
- Well don't be a prude.
Tosser.
(door closes)
(ominous music)
(clock ticking)
Say. cheese.
(shutter clicks)
Well I like that.
Oh.
That is my housing
deposit sorted. there.
Quite a pussy magnet.
(intense music)
You don't smell that bad.
(mummy growling)
(man choking)
(neck snapping)
(body thudding)
(intense music)
(mummy growling)
(bones cracking)
(ominous music)
- Stop messing about. all right?
It's not funny.
(intense music)
You know how much shit we
can get in for this. right?
(bones cracking)
(zombie growling)
(object whacks)
(mummy snarling)
(mummy growling)
(feet stomping)
No. no. no. no. please!
Please. no. don't. no!
(mummy growls)
(sword scrapes)
(man screams)
(intense music)
(static buzzing)